Hello and welcome
today we are going to reuse a bottle of
plastic making this keychain if not
you want to miss any video of
recycling I invite you to subscribe here
in the upper left hand give a
I like and share this video well
before starting with asturias and coffee from
Today I wanted to show you what I did with
gummies following my tutorial
friend Olga in her channel is modality of
I'll leave you the link here for
that you can visit it in addition
I also made this bracelet
starting so I've done the most
simple but the truth is that you go
to continue because I loved all the
details that can be made with gummies
thanks to olga who shows us how
do well let's continue with our
recycling today the first thing we do
is to cut with the part of the bottle the
silver part that we are going to use and
we will also cut out the images that
let's go to need
I'll stick've put
double-sided tape and I'm going to paste it
well once we have stuck we have
our image for our keychain the
next step is going to be look for the side
that we can use from the bottle
then placed the
the image that I want to put more or less
in the center and here I'm going to fold everything
there
and that one of the piece of plastic that I'm going to
use so I cut the leftover
Now I'm going to measure the height
Now what I'm going to do is cut off the
corners so that these tips do not remain
that are a little bit dangerous
I just round up the
corners this way and the next
step is going to be making the holes in the
plastic and starts to make holes in
all the edge let's do a technique
that we have already used several times with
crochet to make an edge more or less
every centimeter we are making a
hole in the two layers of plastic a
the time well once finished just from
holes included the side that is
bent
Now let's start knitting we will
take the crochet needle and the thread in
I have picked it blue color
that the image that I have and I'm starting
to weave then I introduce the needle
and I begin to weave with you already
have done this technique several times
that I imagine you already know how to
work let's make half points
so here I have one that I'm going to do
three three in each hole once
I have all three I make a chain and
I go back to do three more and when I go
coming to the corner I do the three that
correspond to this side that I am
doing I make two chains and I do the
three that correspond to the other side that
I'm doing in the same hole before
to close everything we are going to put the image
what are we going to put inside
and now we are going to finish closing it
once we have done the last
we make a chain and a point
slipped to join with the first one and
this and what is left over already know that what
we lose inside the tissue that we have
well and now to finish we're going to do
another hole taking another nozzle in
a little corner and let's put the buttonhole
we have put the buttonhole now
we only have to put the ring
we put the ring now we put the
chain and the key ring and how
you can see here we already have our
good keychain then nothing else I hope that
you liked today's recycling and
that you do too and do not
forget to visit my friend's channel
sling to make these bracelets and
many more things more good until the
next
ah